# Deriving-Commercial-Insights
 A superstore spread across 7 markets: EU, APAC, US, LATAM, EMEA, AFRICA and CANADA have a four-year comprehensive transaction data (2011-2014 period). In this day and age of data, the Superstore and it’s management want to make intelligent decisions based on the analysis of the data at their disposal to maximize on their profits & cut down on their loss making ventures by deriving key insights.
Profit Ratio (Profit / Sales) and Profit Distribution (Interquartile Range of Profits) were the principal factors selected for earmarking the mammoth revenue generating markets for the superstore. EU stood out as a major profit-making market for the superstore’s product line.
The strengths and weaknesses of the successful EU market, after the analysis the Superstore data stands in a better position to make intelligent decisions and replicate the model in other markets.
To understand the weaknesses in the EU market it is vital to dissever the Loss-Making Economies/Countries from the profit-Making Economies.
Further, it is noted that Table as a Sub-category is the only loss generating Sub-category in the EU market. Hence a meticulous analysis of the Table as a Sub-category is done.
Amongst the Profit Generating economies Italy has the least Profit Ratio but the Italian market is significant in Sales volume and offers a great deal of diversity after categorization into different Clusters (based on carefully chosen common characteristics among the Sub- categories).
Among the loss generating countries Netherlands is generating heavy losses for the superstore and has the most significant sales volume amongst the loss generating economies. Adding to the woes, the losses generated by the superstore have grown over the years in the Netherlands economy and the Sales showing stagnation.
